well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
restructuring the american way of life
whether it's time to restructure the
united states change the way we live
on a significant level and if so
why we're going to talk about this
because an american politician kevin
mccarthy now for those overseas he is
the leader of the republicans in the
house of representatives he doesn't make
a lot of headlines he tends to keep his
head down
but he popped up to make a tweet
and to be honest under normal
circumstances
i would agree with what he's saying it
makes sense
i'm not sure it applies in this
particular situation
in fact i think there may be some things
that negate
the entire idea um
but because of that that's what we're
going to talk about so what did he say
right he said
dear democrat party leaders this is an
international health crisis
not a political opportunity to
restructure american life
i get it what he's saying here is that
if you have a serious issue that's not
the time to exploit that to advance your
own political agenda
yeah that makes sense you wouldn't want
somebody's political agenda getting in
the way of a response
especially if it's a serious issue
the problem is we don't have a response
there is no response from the federal
level
so that doesn't matter doesn't even play
into it
more importantly i think he's missing a
bigger piece of this
what if the reason we're having a public
health issue right now
is because of the structure of american
life stick with me on this
what if there's a lot of apprehension
because tens
of millions of americans don't have
health insurance
because there's a massive amount of
inequality
so much so that 40 million americans are
on food stamps and a lot of them
could be working full-time at 40 hours a
week
and still qualify because wages are so
low and because
they make what low wages they end up
living in areas
that are low income therefore the
property taxes are low
which means the schools in those areas
aren't really properly funded
which means their kids don't necessarily
get the best education
and that this situation creates a lot of
despair and crime so much so that
there's 2.3 million people currently
locked up
and we have headlines about a guy about
to do a life for stealing a pair
of hedge clippers and
we all saw the recent headlines about
the child getting locked up for not
doing their homework and because we
choose to lock people up instead of
treat them
um we've lost the war on drugs and the
only thing that has brought us
is a whole bunch of failure and
militarized police and those militarized
police or why we have cities burning
across the country because
most americans are tired of living under
what seems to be the rule
of an occupying army and this has
contributed to a general climate of
fear that is exploited by politicians
via tweet
to stoke that fear to divide people to
help keep themselves in power
this has worked so well and they have
scared americans so much
that americans are building a wall on
the southern border to cower behind
and when the fear-mongering fails
the politicians move to disinformation
and outright falsehoods and that has
gotten so bad
and gone to such a degree that social
media platforms have started suspending
and banning political campaigns because
their talking points
are so false about such serious issues
that it's actually risking people's
lives and because there's so much
inequality there are some people
who didn't get an education that can
help them discern fact from fiction
and the whole cycle starts all over
again
maybe we're having a public health issue
because of the structure of american
life hypothetically speaking of course
if that was the case then it would make
sense
it would make sense to try to evolve and
move forward
and change things i would like to point
out
that this structure was in large part
built
by people like mr mccarthy
and the current situation was certainly
exacerbated by his party choosing to
enable the president
not hold him accountable and stand idly
by
as he attempts to suppress the vote
if you want to talk about the american
way of life
and and tradition and everything like
that you can't simultaneously sit idly
by
while the president attempts to
undermine the election which is the
foundation
of american life
you can't do that
it's probably time if we want to move
forward
if we want to have a fair and just
society
we're going to have to make some changes
appealing to tradition is is bad that's
the worst reason to do something
we've always done it this way yeah
that's why we've been in this mess
times have changed you have to as well
it's time to move forward
and i will go ahead and let those on
capitol hill know because i know y'all
don't talk to us
commoners but we don't care who does it
we don't care if it's democrats or
republicans or libertarians or greens or
the people in the street
we don't care what we know is that you
can start at any point in this list
and eventually it just cycles back
around and nothing changes
because there's that much inequality
there's no upward mobility for people
it is time to restructure the american
way of life
it's time to fulfill those promises in
those founding documents
you can help or you can get out of the
way but it's time for it to happen
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night